In the three prefectures, there is a difficult role called Miura-no-suke.
Who does it?
The one who does it.
You should be worried about such things.
Who should do it?
If you see it as something that can be done by others,
it's like a election if you have such a family.
However, even in the village, the mayor of Kusaki came out of his uniform and said,
Don't worry.
There are people who can do it well in the village.
Who is it?
It's Gonsuke of the Gozen-onno-Sugari.
If it is, it is good for men and good for the play.
It's good for Akagire.
Is it good for Akagire?
I'm a good person.
The shield is 25.
It's a big Akagire.
I've decided to do it.
The people gathered.
The girls gathered.
They were all laughing.
They said, Gonsuke, let's do it.
They said, we can't talk there, so let's do it.
We can't do it there, so let's do it.
They were all laughing.
They said, it's not for other people.
It's a play, but who does it in the three prefectures?
Gonsuke said, Gonsuke, the girls are bad.
I'm busy with agriculture, so I didn't notice it.
Who does it?
I didn't notice it.
It was bad.
I can't say that it's for other people.
Gonsuke of the Gozen-onno-Sugari said, it's for them.
They were all laughing.
I don't think the Shirao family will be able to get married without a servant.
And the Sengoku family graduated from elementary school.
I know the reason.
In terms of power,
they can't get married without a servant.
The Shirao family has to live with a good family.
Gonsuke loves the Shirao family.
I love the Shirao family.
They're in love as a young man.
You're making a lot of noise.
I'm going to hold your hand.
Last year, when I was dancing,
you were kind to me.
I wasn't lying at that time.
I didn't make you feel ashamed.
I'm going to stand up and come here.
I don't like it.
I'm going to take this man from the Shirao family.
I'm going to go to Gonsuke.
I'm going to go to the Sengoku family.
I'm going to go to the Omichi family.
I'm going to blow both sides of the left and right.
I'm finally going to stretch my arms.
I want to steal something from there.